[announcer] This is Hero TV Breaking
News!
Masked thugs have hijacked
an armored truck in West Silver,
and are on the run with over
three million Stern Dollars.
The cops are in
hot pursuit.
This is riveting
action!
Dammit, hang on!!
Unbelievable! They took
out a police cruiser!
It doesn't look like the
authorities
can stop these
blood thirsty criminals!
And yet, there is still
no sign of any Heroes!
As you know, only one
daring program
brings you ongoing, up-to-the-second
coverage
of super-charged heroes battling crime
and natural disasters.
The only rescue entertainment show
that ranks vigilantes by points,
and at the end of the season crowns the
undisputed King of Heroes!
You're watching Hero TV Live!
[announcer] And here comes our first
hero!
It's the Bourgeois, Open-Flame Broil,
Fire Emblem!
Will he bring the
heat for another arrest today?
"A" Camera, push
in close!
I'm all
over it.
[announcer] Fire Emblem is catching
up to the suspects!
Oooh! What phenomenal driving
skill!
Got one on our tail.
Eat this!
[laughing]
[police sirens wailing]
[gasping]
[announcer] He's gonna use his
Fireball attack!
-[man screaming]
-[announcer] What a merciless move!
-Can't you go any faster!?
-Settle Down!
[announcer] The suspects are losing
control of the vehicle!
And another hero is on
the scene!
The Bull Tank of the West Coast,
Rock Bison!
Rock Bison has been struggling
in the rankings all season.
It's good to see him
back in the game!
Ha-ha!
Wha--hey!
Don't even think about it!
Hold on-- come here! Just--- help--
[announcer] It appears Rock Bison
can't extract his horns!
And now the villains have
commandeered a taxi-cab!
Oh no!
-[Dragon Kid grunts]
-[announcer] And who should drop in?
The Lightning Bolt Kung
Fu Master, Dragon Kid!
Hoah, look out! She's charging up her arms
for her lightning attack!
[struggling]
[announcer] A sizzling double arrest!
Talk about a
shocking victory!
As usual, the Hidden
Hero, Origami Cyclone,
can be seen in the
background.
And so, another crime
prevented by--
wait, what's this? One of the robbers
is still on the run!
[screaming]
Get this train movin'!
This is terrible! According
to new information,
the remaining suspect has
taken control of the crowded monorail!
-[people panicking]
-Oh no!
So, what now?
We should probably pull
out and not interfere.
And ruin my show?
The hell we will!
But there are innocent
people involved now.
Look! What's that!?
Uh, great.
[announcer] I don't believe my eyes,
it's the Crusher for Justice,
Wild Tiger!
I hope he's careful
this time.
-Cut to commercial!
-[grunts]
Tiger? You
reading me?
We need you to hold for
a 30-second commercial.
You gotta be kidding me!
I am not waiting for ads
while people are in danger!
-[grunts]
-[Agnes Joubert] Hey, listen to me!
If you do it my way,
there'll be more suspense!
[Kotetsu] Screw suspense.
A real Hero...
only cares about one thing.
And that's keeping the peace!
Wild Roar!
Damn him. So stubborn.
[Agnes] Keep rolling!
[announcer] Hold the phone!
It appears Wild Tiger is activating
his Hundred Power!
Which makes his physical abilities
a hundred times stronger!
Go faster!
I-I can't!!
-[grunting]
-[announcer] Incredible!
-Stop the train!!
-I can't!
[panicking]
[grunts and yells]
-[whimpering]
-[Kotetsu] Give it up, scumbag!
Huh?
You fool! He's
below you!
[gasps] Where'd that come from?!
[announcer] The suspect has escaped
to a blimp!!
[grunts]
[announcer] Blazing into the fight,
it's the Windmaster
himself, Sky High!!
That's right, this season's leader
and reigning champ
has come
to save the day!
[cheering]
What a jerk!
Showing up after I've
done all the dirty work. [grunts]
[grunting]
[trembling]
Don't try anything
funny or else!
You don't try anything
Sky High?! You're
a dead man!
Huh?
[grunting]
Ah! Damn it!
[grunts]
[announcer] Ah! The suspect's rocket
has exploded!
-Oh, the humanity!
-[screaming]
[yells]
[announcer] Controlling the wind to
save innocent lives!
Just what we'd expect from Sky High!
-He truly is the King of Heroes!
-[cheering]
[announcer] Look out! The blimp is gonna
crash into that building!
Sky High! Please, save me!
-[Kotetsu] Don't worry!
-[gasps]
Wild Tiger at your-- [grimaces]
...service! [grunts]
Yeah, think I'll
wait for Sky High.
Oh, is that right? You're gonna die
if you-- [yells]
[announcer] Dear me! The blimp's
heading straight for that cruise ship!!
[screaming]
[grunts] Seriously?!
[Blue Rose] You boys done foolin'
around yet?
Huh?
[announcer] Every male fan knows the
cold wind that just blew in.
Protecting the cruise ship with her
Freezing Liquid Gun,
it's the icy Superstar of
the Hero world, Blue Rose!
All right! Get me
a closeup!
My ice is a little cold, but your crime
has been completely put on hold!
[announcer] Absolute perfection!
[Kotetsu] All she cares about is
racking up points.
I caught the suspect, doesn't that
count for anything!?
[sighing]
Huh?
Camera "C!"
[gasping]
-[breathes heavily]
-[Kotetsu] You shot me?
I told you to
stay out of it, man!
[sighs] What a day I'm having.
[announcer] Wild Tiger took a bullet to
the chest, but he's all right!
[yelling]
Ew, stop! [yelps]
[announcer] It's her patented
Cutie Escape!
[screams]
She's just
running away!
Whoa!
[announcer] Wild Tiger leaps into
action!
[grunts]
[announcer] He ran out of time!
Remember, Wild Tiger's Hundred Power
only lasts five minutes!
Oh boy. [yelling]
[announcer]
Tiger has lost his superpowers!
This could mean curtains for our hero!
[gasping]
[screaming]
What the--?
Who the hell are you
supposed to be?
The guy who just saved
your life.
[screaming]
-Oh, yeah.
-[yells]
[announcer] Look! It's-- um, who is that?
Huh?
[screaming]
[announcer] Our Mystery Man has
apprehended the crook!
[groans]
[announcer] Could this be the birth
of a new superstar?
The season ends with a surprise victory
by a mysterious new hero!
[cheering]
[sighs]
Cut to a commercial!
♪ Freedom is here
Come with me and you will see ♪
♪ My shiny days
Come on ♪
[muffled singing continues]
Hey. So, who's your sponsor, anyway?
-Don't have one.
-Wait...
You're tellin' me you're a free agent?
Why'd you stick your nose in this?
[chuckles] Come on. Does it really matter?
I made the arrest.
And showing your face!
[scoffs] Why would you take off
your mask in public?
-Are you crazy?
-Huh?
It's a basic rule.
A hero's secret identity has to
remain a secret--
Secret, huh?
Uhh--
Times are changin', old
man. Better keep up.
Old man?
This is it! The moment you've
all been waiting for!
We're about to reveal the winner of
this season's HERO TV!
[audience applauding]
[Ben Jackson] What were you thinking,
Kotetsu?
I mean, bending that track?
And did you have to smash the windows
in the train like that?
[Kotetsu] Well--
So much mayhem.
You realize how much that's gonna cost?
[laughs] Hey, if I worried about
all that stuff,
I couldn't do my job!
Well you better start worrying,
or else you might find yourself
out of a job.
Listen, I'm sorry.
You do understand who made you
a hero... don't you, pal?
Hmm... my sponsor, sir!
Good answer.
Now get to that awards
ceremony!
Thanks, Ben.
[announcer] Fire Emblem!
Rock Bison!
Dragon Kid!
Origami Cyclone!
Sky High!
Blue Rose!
Wild Tiger!
-Hey.
-Which hero shined the brightest
this season!?
[Rock Bison] You're late.
So, when are they gonna
announce the winner?
Right now.
All right.
We know it's not
gonna be you.
Shut up.
-[laughing]
-[grunts]
[announcer] The points have been tallied,
and it's time
to crown a new champion!
One of these fearless heroes
is a heartbeat away from winning
all the glory!
[grunts]
[announcer]
With an unprecedented 12,730 points,
the King of Heroes is Sky High!
And now, your champion!
[Sky High] I could not have done this
without everyone's help.
Thanks, and thanks again!
-[gasps]
-And now, with an important message,
here is the CEO of Apollon Media
as well as the president of the OBC!
Give it up for Albert Maverick!
I'd like to take a moment to introduce
someone very special to our viewers.
-Come on up.
-[scoffing]
This bright young man has just won
the approval of the Justice Bureau.
So, you'll all be seeing
a lot more of him.
Please welcome the city of
Stern Bild's newest hero,
Barnaby Brooks Jr.!
[cheering]
[scoffs] What a clown.
Be nice.
His super power may sound familiar
to some of you.
When activated, this young
man's physical strength
is increased one hundred times.
-[gasps]
-But it only lasts him for five minutes.
And yes, it's the exact
same power as Wild Tiger.
However, he also has the
power of youth.
Which is why I'm hopeful
our new hero
won't need to be rescued as often as
someone else we know.
[laughing]
-[Kotetsu scoffs]
-[Blue Rose giggles]
As you know, individuals with
super powers, known as NEXT
began appearing 45 years ago
due to some sort of mutation.
-Hey!
-I'm outta here.
[Maverick] We still don't know
what triggered these rare abilities.
However, we do know that
the NEXT have kept us safe.
Battling chaos, crime
and injustice.
These brave fighters have
earned our trust and become our heroes!
[audience applauding]
-Good evening.
-[Kotetsu groans]
"A veteran hero who made
his debut ten years ago.
He may be past his prime,
but he is--" [sighs]
Huh?
Uh, gimme ten Wild Tigers!
[store clerk] Whatever.
[cell phone ringing]
Hey, what's up?
[Rock Bison] Are you seriously
ditching the after party?
[Kotetsu] Ah, those things are
too stuffy for me.
There's tons of free food
and all the suits are here.
[Kotetsu] Say hi for me, will ya?
[Rock Bison] Hello? Hello!?
[squealing]
Hmm! Bison's got some
junk in the trunk!
[Rock Bison] Stop! Stop!
Get offa me!
You got your screen-time
out there as usual.
Keep it up, it's great exposure.
[Origami] I won't let
the sponsors down, sir!
I mean, I hope not...
You're not listening.
My catchphrase is stupid, can't
your company let me change it?
That domineering attitude of yours
is why people love you.
[chuckles] Why change what works?
It's all about the fans!
Thanks, and thanks again!
Hello, Mr. Maverick!
Ah! I knew promoting you to producer
was the right choice for Hero TV.
But I never expected you
to pull in these ratings.
Well when it comes to
creating a spectacle...
I stop at nothing.
[phone ringing]
[Kotetsu] Yeah, yeah, coming.
[groaning]
-Yello?
-[Kaede] Dad?
Honey! What's goin' on, Kaede?
Tomorrow's my recital...
You didn't forget, did you?
Forget? I said I'd be there
and I will! Ow!
You mean it?
You're not gonna have to work
like you usually do?!
[Kotetsu] No way.
Tomorrow you are gonna be the
cutest little girl on stage
and I'm gonna be the first in line
to see you perform!
I wouldn't miss it
for the world!
[Anju]
You said that last time.
[grimaces]
Uh! You know, you should
say something
when you take the phone, mom!
I saw you on TV. Do you
have to pay for all that?
[Kotetsu chuckling] Real funny, mom.
All I'm saying is that you should
really try to be more careful, dear.
Yeah, I know.
[Anju] I mean it. If something horrible
were to happen to you,
I'd have to tell little Kaede about
your work as a superhero at your funeral.
She'd be so heartbroken.
You always worry too much.
[Anju] Well can you blame me?
A man who's away from his family and
faces criminals everyday
just to make a living...
Of course, I worry!
[Kotetsu] Yeah, I know.
Believe me. I know.
Huh!?
-I'm sorry, Kotetsu.
-[gasps] Ben?
[Kotetsu] A buyout?
[Ben] It was the only option.
Ad revenue kept falling
and we were lucky to find a buyer
willing to take on our debts.
Here.
Huh? Who's this Lloyds guy?
Your new employer.
Huh?
And I would suggest you
go and pay him a visit.
What?! Hang on a second,
what the hell is goin' on?!
Starting this next season,
only the seven biggest corporations
are going to be sponsoring heroes.
Hate to say it, but our company
just dropped off the list.
So, you're just gonna disappear,
just like that?
Hey, business is
business.
Do all the other heroes
know about this?
I'm last to know.
[Ben] Sorry old pal.
[Kotetsu] What'll happen to you?
[Ben] Oh, don't worry about me.
I'm gonna relax, collect my unemployment
and look for work in a few months.
So, I'll be alone at
this new place?
-You'll be fine.
-But Ben--
Times are changing.
I'm really gonna miss being
in your corner and watching you fight.
Really.
But no matter what happens,
I'll always be Wild Tiger's biggest fan.
Hmm?
[chuckling]
Ahhh!
[humming]
This is the place.
Huh?
Hmm...
[grunts] I got it!
[grunts] Here ya go.
Ah, thank you.
Um, I think you dropped
your cards.
Ah! Oh, those are just--
It's okay, mister.
I understand.
[laughs] Darn, ya figured it
out, huh kid?
You like Wild Tiger,
'cause he's old, like you!
[laughing]
Say what now?
Here, you can
have this one!
You should keep that,
I'm sure it means a lot to you.
Actually, I'm a Sky High fan,
so I don't need. it. Take it!
Uh, thanks.
[sighs] That's how it is.
So, you're Wild Tiger.
And I see your real name here,
but how do I pronounce it?
It's Kotetsu. Kotetsu
Kaburagi.
[Alexander Lloyds] Hmmm...
Right. You'll be briefed on your new suit
in the Design Department.
Oh, I hadn't planned
on starting today.
Or you can just quit if
you don't like it.
Today works.
[alarm sounding]
[Lloyds] The industrial district.
The Steel Hammer Statue?
Why is it moving?
I bet a NEXT is behind
this.
All right, you'd better
get going.
Huh? Oh, but I don't
have my suit with me.
No need. I have your new
one right here.
Uhhh...
This is a perfect chance
to debut your new look.
I don't think I
can do that... sir.
Really? And why
is that?
It's just--- I've worn the same suit
my entire career.
[Lloyds] Don't be nervous,
the tech on this suit is far better
than that old one you're used to.
[Kotetsu] Yeah, that's not the
issue here.
That costume defines my life.
It's everything I am as a hero.
A symbol of hope and justice!
Just wear the thing or you're fired.
[emergency vehicle sirens wailing]
Actually, this thing is
really cool.
There you are.
Let's do this.
[Lloyds] There is one other thing...
We've decided to partner you up
with another hero.
Huh?
Apollon Media is going to sell it as the
first-ever Superhero Duo
to take the stage.
Nobody asked me
about that.
That's because you don't
have a say in the matter.
Where's my teammate, anyway?
And who the hell are they giving me?
[screaming]
Damn that hurt. Guess I can't
take this guy alone.
What? It's you?!